INTERGRAL SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ("EULA")

IMPORTANT: CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING LICENSE AGREEMENT BEFORE COMPLETING THE 
INSTALLATION PROCESS AND USING THE SOFTWARE. THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT 
("EULA") IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR, IF 
PURSCHASED OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRED BY OR FOR AN ENTITY, AN ENTITY) AND INTERGRAL. 
BY INSTALLING AND USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THE SOFTWARE AND AGREE TO 
BECOME BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY 
THESE TERMS THEN DO NOT INSTALL THE SOFTWARE AND RETURN THE SOFTWARE TO THE 
PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A FULL REFUND. THIS EULA SHALL APPLY ONLY TO THE SOFTWARE 
SUPPLIED BY INTERGRAL HEREWITH REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OTHER SOFTWARE IS REFERRED 
TO OR DESCRIBED HEREIN. 

Definitions

"INTERGRAL" means INTERGRAL Information Solutions GmbH and its licensors, if 
any. 

"Developer Version" means a version or edition of the Software to be used only 
for design, development and evaluation purposes. 

"Free Version" means a version or edition of the Software to be used only for 
design, development and evaluation purposes, for a time limited period. The Free 
Version may have limited features, and may stop operating after a given amount 
of time. 

"Trial Version" means a version or edition of the Software to be used only 
for review, demonstration and evaluation purposes, for a time limited
period.  The Trial Version may have limited features, and may stop operating
after a given amount of time.

"Server Version" means a version or edition of the Software that is not a 
Developer Version nor a Trial Version of the Software nor a Free Version of the 
Software. 

"Software" means only the INTERGRAL software and third party software programs, 
in each case, supplied by INTERGRAL together with this EULA, and any 
corresponding documentation, online or electronic documentation, printed 
materials, and associated media. Any updates to such Software that you are 
entitled to receive and that have been provided to you by INTERGRAL shall also 
mean Software for purposes of this Agreement. 

License Grant

If the Software is (i) a Developer Version, (ii) a Trial Version, (iii) a Free 
Version, or (iv) any version of a Server Software, then subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, INTERGRAL hereby grants, and you accept, the right 
and license to install and use the Software on a single computer. A license for 
the Software may not be shared, installed nor used concurrently on different 
computers. 

You may make one copy of the Software in machine-readable form solely for backup 
purposes. You must reproduce on any such copy all copyright notices and any 
other proprietary legends on the original copy of the Software. 

The Software is protected by copyright laws and international copyright 
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. INTERGRAL 
reserves all intellectual property rights, including copyrights and trademark 
rights. 

Your license rights under this EULA are non-exclusive. 

License Restrictions

Except to the extent contrary to applicable law: 

Other than as expressly set forth above, you may not make or distribute copies 
of the Software, or electronically transfer the Software from one computer to 
another or over a network. 

You may not alter, merge, adapt or translate the Software, or decompile, reverse 
engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human- perceivable 
form. 

Unless otherwise provided herein, you may not rent, lease, or sublicense the 
Software. 

Other than with respect to a Trial Version or Free Version of the Software, you 
may permanently transfer all of your rights under this EULA only as part of a 
sale or transfer, provided you retain no copies, you transfer all of the 
Software (including all component parts, the media and printed materials, any 
upgrades, this EULA, the serial numbers, and, if applicable, all other software 
products provided together with the Software), and the recipient agrees to the 
terms of this EULA. If the Software is an upgrade, any transfer must include all 
prior versions of the Software from which you are upgrading. You may retain no 
copies of the Software. You may not sell or transfer any Software purchased 
under a volume discount. You may not sell or transfer any Trial Version or Free 
Version of the Software. 

Other than as expressly set forth above, you may not modify the Software or 
create derivative works based upon the Software. 

You shall not (A) in the aggregate, install or use more than one copy of the 
Trial Version of the Software, (B) download the Trial Version of the Software 
under more than one username, (C) alter the contents of a hard drive or computer 
system to enable the use of the Trial Version of the Software for an aggregate 
period in excess of the trial period for one license to such Trial Version, (D) 
disclose the results of software performance benchmarks obtained using the Trial 
Version to any third party without INTERGRAL's prior written consent, (E) use 
the Trial Version for any application deployment or ultimate production purpose, 
or (F) use the Trial Version of the Software for a purpose other than the sole 
purpose of determining whether to purchase a license to a Server Version or a 
Developer Version of the software; provided, however, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, you are strictly prohibited from installing or using the Trial 
Version of the Software for any commercial training purpose. 

You shall not use the Developer Version or the Free Version for any application 
deployment in a live or stand-by production environment or staging environment, 
in each case, including, without limitation, in any environment accessed by 
application end-users including but not limited to servers, workstations, 
kiosks, and mobile computers. You shall not access the Developer Version from 
more than a single IP address at any given time. You shall not use the Software 
to develop any application having the same primary function as the Software. You 
may not ship, transfer or export the Software into any country or use the 
Software in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act 
or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations. You may receive the 
Software in more than one language but you shall only install or use one 
language version. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement you may 
not host the Software in any way. 

In the event that you fail to comply with this EULA, INTERGRAL may terminate the 
license and you must destroy all copies of the Software (with all other rights 
of both parties and all other provisions of this EULA surviving any such 
termination). 

Upgrades

If this copy of the Software is an upgrade from an earlier version of the 
Software, it is provided to you on a license exchange basis. You agree by your 
installation and use of this copy of the Software to voluntarily terminate your 
EULA with respect to such prior license to the Software and that you will not 
continue to install or use such prior license of the Software or transfer it to 
another person or entity. 

Ownership

The foregoing grants of rights give you limited license to use the Software. 
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, INTERGRAL remain the owner of 
all right, title and interest in the Software. All rights not specifically 
granted in this EULA are reserved by INTERGRAL. 

LIMITED WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER

Except for the Trial Version and the Free Version of the Software, INTERGRAL 
warrants that, for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of delivery as 
evidenced by a copy of your receipt, the physical media on which this copy of 
the Software is distributed will be free from defects in materials and 
workmanship under normal use, and the Software will perform in substantial 
accordance with the Documentation when used with a recommended hardware 
configuration. 

INTERGRAL PROVIDES NO REMEDIES OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FOR 
THE TRIAL VERSION AND THE FREE VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE. THE TRIAL VERSION AND 
THE FREE VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". 

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO SOFTWARE 
OTHER THAN THE TRIAL VERSION AND THE FREE VERSION, INTERGRAL DISCLAIM ALL OTHER 
WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR OTHERWISE, 
INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT AND TITLE OR QUIET ENJOYMENT. 
INTERGRAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE IS ERROR-FREE OR WILL OPERATE 
WITHOUT INTERRUPTION. NO RIGHTS OR REMEDIES REFERRED TO IN ARTICLE 2A OF THE UCC 
WILL BE CONFERRED ON YOU UNLESS EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREIN. THE SOFTWARE IS NOT 
DESIGNED, INTENDED OR LICENSED FOR USE IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-
SAFE CONTROLS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, 
MAINTENANCE OR OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, AND LIFE SUPPORT OR WEAPONS SYSTEMS. 
INTERGRAL SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR 
SUCH PURPOSES. 

IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, ALL SUCH 
WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF 
DELIVERY. 

NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY INTERGRAL, ITS DEALERS, 
DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE 
THE SCOPE OF ANY WARRANTY PROVIDED HEREIN. YOU HAVE ENSURED WITH THE ABOVE 
MENTIONED TRAIL VERSION THAT THE SOFTWARE WORKS ACCORDING TO YOUR REQUIREMENTS 
AND THE ADVERTISED FEATURES. INTERGRAL DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES FOR DEFICIENCIES 
THAT ARE REASONABLY DISCOVERABLE WITH THE TRIAL VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE. 

(USA Only) SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC 
LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO 
STATE. 

LIMITED REMEDY

INTERGRAL's entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be: 

(i)the replacement of any media not meeting our LIMITED WARRANTY which is 
returned to INTERGRAL or to an authorized Dealer or Distributor with a copy of 
your receipt and a description of the problem, or (ii)if INTERGRAL or an 
authorized Dealer or Distributor are unable to deliver a replacement media that 
is free of defects in materials or workmanship, provided that any non-
compliance with the above warranty is reported in writing to INTERGRAL no more 
than ninety (90) days following delivery to you, you may terminate this 
Agreement by returning the Software and Documentation and your money will be 
refunded. 

INTERGRAL shall have no responsibility if the Software has been altered in any 
way, if the media has been damaged by misuse, accident, abuse, modification or 
misapplication, or if the failure arises out of use of the Software with other 
than a recommended hardware configuration. Any such misuse, accident, abuse, 
modification or misapplication of the Software will void the warranty above. 
THIS REMEDY IS THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AVAILABLE TO YOU FOR BREACH OF 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION. 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

INTERGRAL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COVER OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR THE INABILITY TO USE EQUIPMENT OR ACCESS DATA, LOSS 
OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR THE LIKE), 
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SOFTWARE AND BASED ON ANY 
THEORY OF LIABILITY INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF INTERGRAL OR ITS 
REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF 
A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 

INTERGRAL'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ACTUAL DAMAGES FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER
WILL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW FOR THE
SOFTWARE THAT CAUSED SUCH DAMAGE. 

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR 
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY 
NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE 
TO STATE. 

THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY ARE INTENDED TO APPLY TO THE WARRANTIES 
AND DISCLAIMERS ABOVE AND ALL OTHER ASPECTS OF THIS EULA. 

Confidentiality

The Software contains trade secrets and proprietary know-how that belong to 
INTERGRAL and it is being made available to you in strict confidence. ANY USE OR 
DISCLOSURE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OF ITS ALGORITHMS, PROTOCOLS OR INTERFACES, OTHER 
THAN IN STRICT ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, MAY BE ACTIONABLE AS A 
VIOLATION OF OUR TRADE SECRET RIGHTS. 

Third Party Software

Any software provided along with the Software that is associated with a separate 
license agreement is licensed to you under the terms of that license agreement. 
This license does not apply to those portions of the Software. Copies of these 
third party licenses are included in all copies of the Software. By accepting 
this EULA, you are also accepting the additional terms 

General Provisions

This EULA is governed by the laws of Germany. Exclusive jurisdiction and place 
of performance is Boeblingen, Germany, as long as permitted by applicable law. 
The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods shall not 
apply. 

This EULA is the entire agreement between INTERGRAL and you, and supersedes all 
prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, whether oral or written 
any other communications or advertising with respect to the Software; this EULA 
may be modified only by written agreement signed by authorized representatives 
of both you and INTERGRAL. No INTERGRAL dealer or agent is authorized to make 
any amendment to this EULA. 

If any provision of this EULA is held invalid, the remainder of this EULA shall 
continue in full force and effect. All rights not expressly granted in this 
agreement are retained by INTERGRAL. The failure or delay of INTERGRAL to 
exercise any of its rights under this EULA or upon any breach of this EULA shall 
not be deemed a waiver of those rights or of the breach. You agree that any 
varying or additional terms contained in any purchase order or other written 
notification or document issued by you in relation to the Software licensed 
hereunder shall be of no effect. 

All questions concerning this EULA shall be directed to: INTERGRAL Information 
Solutions GmbH, Schickardstrasse 32, 71034 Boeblingen, Germany. 

INTERGRAL and other trademarks contained in the Software are trademarks or 
registered trademarks of INTERGRAL Information Solutions GmbH. Third party 
trademarks, trade names, product names and logos may be the trademarks or 
registered trademarks of their respective owners. You may not remove or alter 
any trademark, trade names, product names, logo, copyright or other proprietary 
notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Software. This EULA does not 
authorize you to use INTERGRAL's or its licensors' names or any of their 
respective trademarks. 
